Docs: add database queries log documentation (#5301)
WordPress/openverse: documentation/api/guides/debugging.md

   [Visual Code debugger's official instructions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging)
   to better understand how to use the debugger interface to accomplish tasks
   like setting breakpoints, watching variables etc.

## Debugging Database Queries

> To log all database queries, add the following `env` variables to your configuration

Reviewer: I'd suggest rewording this to be a bit more specific:

```suggestion
To log all database queries, add the following variables to your `api/.env` file:
```

Author: @AetherUnbound Thank you for the suggestion, I've update the content and pushed the changes.

   [Visual Code debugger's official instructions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging)
   to better understand how to use the debugger interface to accomplish tasks
   like setting breakpoints, watching variables etc.

## Debugging Database Queries

To log all database queries, add the following variables to your `api/.env`
file:

> ```

Reviewer 2: All `.env` files we use are strict subsets of the shell syntax. This is also [recommended by GitHub linguist](https://github.com/github-linguist/linguist/pull/4922).

```suggestion
```shell
```

Author: @dhruvkb Thank you for the review, I've applied your suggestions and pushed the changes. Please review them when you can.
